Add documentation for mautic:campaigns:resume-stuck command (#709)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/configuration/cron_jobs.rst

    that these messages are only added to the queue when frequency rules apply either system wide or per Contact.

Resume stuck Campaign Contacts cron job

> =======================================

Reviewer: Cron needs to be capitalized and let's wrap this in vale off/on statements to avoid Vale warning because it's not following sentence case.

```suggestion
.. vale off

Resume stuck Campaign Contacts Cron job
=======================================

.. vale on
```

> Sometimes Contacts can get stuck in Campaign workflows due to exceptions, server issues, or Events being added after the Contact has already progressed past that point in the Campaign. The ``mautic:campaigns:resume-stuck`` command identifies and processes these stuck Contacts.

Reviewer: Not sure if this addresses @escopecz question in [this comment](https://github.com/mautic/user-documentation/pull/709#pullrequestreview-4297110791) and @rohitpavaskar response in [this comment](https://github.com/mautic/user-documentation/pull/709#issuecomment-4476761327), but this is what AI suggested. If not, we can ignore this suggestion.

**Note:** The only thing to change is the word 'Cron' should be capitalized.

```suggestion
Sometimes Contacts get stuck in Campaign workflows due to exceptions, server issues, or Events added after the Contact already progressed past that point in the Campaign. The ``mautic:campaigns:resume-stuck`` command identifies and processes these stuck Contacts. Run this command manually as a one-off command for troubleshooting.
```

Reviewer 2: I think we should suggest to run this as a one-off command for troubleshooting only for now. It can be updated later to run through all campaigns without creating a cron job for each campaign which is a nightmare to manage.

Reviewer: Thanks for the confirmation, @escopecz! I'll update the suggestion. 👍🏼

.. code-block:: php

    php /path/to/mautic/bin/console mautic:campaigns:resume-stuck <campaign-id>

> This command:

Reviewer: I think, we can make this clearer.

```suggestion
The ``mautic:campaigns:resume-stuck`` command performs the following actions:
```

- Finds Contacts that are stuck at specific points in a Campaign due to previous exceptions or errors
- Identifies Contacts where new Events were added after they had already executed parent Events
- Resumes execution for these Contacts so they can continue through the Campaign workflow
- Ignores Contacts that were manually removed from the Campaign
- Skips scheduled Events that haven't been executed yet

> - Doesn't process decision Events as they require Contact interaction

Reviewer: There are a couple of things here:

- We use asterisks for unordered list instead of hypen.
- We use active instead of passive voice.

```suggestion
* Finds Contacts stuck at specific points in a Campaign due to previous exceptions or errors
* Identifies Contacts with new Events added after execution of parent Events
* Resumes execution for these Contacts to allow continuation through the Campaign workflow
* Ignores Contacts manually removed from the Campaign
* Skips pending scheduled Events
* Excludes decision Events because decision Events require Contact interaction
```

Command parameters:

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: As this is a subtitle, we can remove the colon.

```suggestion
Command parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

- ``<campaign-id>`` (required): The ID of the Campaign to process.

- ``--dry-run``: Find stuck Contacts and their next Events without actually executing them. Useful for previewing what the command would do.

> - ``--batch-limit=X`` or ``-l X``: Set the batch size of Contacts to process per round. Defaults to 1000.

Author: ```suggestion
- ``--batch-limit=X`` or ``-l X``: Set the batch size of Contacts to process per round. Defaults to 100.
```

- ``--min-contact-id=X``: Process only Contacts with ID greater than or equal to this value.

> - ``--max-contact-id=X``: Process only Contacts with ID less than or equal to this value.

Reviewer: Let's follow our styling guidelines for RST.

~The first point is addressing @escopecz question and @rohitpavaskar response.~

I've updated the first point and removed "Configure a separate Cron job for each individual Campaign ID." as per feedback.
 

```suggestion
* ``<campaign-id>`` - **required**: the ID of the Campaign to process.
* ``--dry-run``: finds stuck Contacts and next Events without actual execution. Useful for previewing command results.
* ``--batch-limit=X`` or ``-l X``: sets the batch size of Contacts to process per round. Defaults to 100.
* ``--min-contact-id=X``: processes only Contacts with ID greater than or equal to this value.
* ``--max-contact-id=X``: processes only Contacts with ID less than or equal to this value.
```

> Example usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example usage:**
```

.. code-block:: php

    # Preview stuck contacts without executing events
    php /path/to/mautic/bin/console mautic:campaigns:resume-stuck 5 --dry-run

    # Process stuck contacts in campaign 5 with smaller batches
    php /path/to/mautic/bin/console mautic:campaigns:resume-stuck 5 --batch-limit=100

    # Process a specific range of contacts
    php /path/to/mautic/bin/console mautic:campaigns:resume-stuck 5 --min-contact-id=1000 --max-contact-id=2000

.. note::

>     This command only works with published Campaigns that aren't deleted. It processes a maximum of 500 records in a single execution to prevent performance issues.

Reviewer: There are a couple of things here:

- We use 'Active' instead of 'published' now for Campaigns.
- We use active instead of passive voice.

```suggestion
.. note::

   This command only works with Active Campaigns and excludes deleted Campaigns. It processes a maximum of 500 records in a single execution to prevent performance issues.
```

>     This command only works with published Campaigns that aren't deleted. It processes a maximum of 5000 records in a single execution to prevent performance issues.

Author: ```suggestion
    This command only works with published Campaigns that aren't deleted. It processes a maximum of 500 records in a single execution to prevent performance issues.
```
